If you are host to a human, be a host to their dog too...
Hooomannnn, obeyyyy the basseett houndd!
A bone today is a bone tomorrow.
Bonnnniooossss, boniooooosssss , bonnnnioooosssss!
Bone, bonnnnnneeeee on the range!
He who barks, wins.
Today is probably pretty much the same as yesterday, walk, eat, ruff, sleep.
That aint chicken.
Walkkkkiessss!
Oh hai! Beefburgers?
A squirrel is just a tennis ball thrown by God.
I did the math, we can't afford the cat.
What? It's been a ruff day!
If you say Jesus backwards, it sounds like Sausage.
Oh hai!  You only left two minutes ago.
But I sat, barked, gave paw, didn't do what you asked, biscuits?
Derp derp!
Are you really going to eat that?
Today, I will catch my tail.
Beware of dog, he wants!
Ermahgerd, a derg ter!
Dude, this air, is like the best air!
Benson, tonight I wish to have a lavish feast, fetch me those delicacies from the litter tray.
The ball was behind your back... the whole time?
What if the tail is actually chasing me?
He prentended to throw the ball, never again.
My favourite frequency is 45,000Hz, you've probably never heard it
What can I say? It's a dog eat dog world.
Hello? Yes, this is dog.
Why don't you take me for a walk? You could use the exercise.
Humans named a sex position after us?
I am going to eat everything you leave on the floor.
Ermahgerd, wurter sprenklurs!
So you're telling me you sit at work all day and look at pictures of cats?
The bone goes on the rug right?  
Gets his balls cut off by his owner, still loves him.
Ermahgerd, ternershberl!
Been in family ten years, found out I was adopted.
I am totally pooping on the carpet when you leave.
More wag, less bark!
Oh hai Mr Postman, you have letters for me.
Squirrel!
I graded your homework, it was delicious!
My advice, invest in tennis balls, they have a high rate of return.
The average dog is nicer than the average person.
Arrooooooooooooealllll?
I lost the ball, but it's all cool.  It's all cool!
Someone please, roll that sausage towards me.
Ermahgerd, a drenk of werter.
Not sure if human has been gone for 5 minutes, or 9 years?
Much treats!  Much love!
